[docs] Refactor 'Intercept HTTP Requests' (#4950)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/requestmock/respond.md

    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond({ data: 123 }) // a JSON response
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond('<html></html>') // an HTML response
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond(null, 204) // an empty response with a status code
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond('<html_markup>', 200, { // a response with custom headers
        'server': 'nginx/1.10.3'
    })
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond(Buffer.from([0x62, 0x75, 0x66, 0x66, 0x65, 0x72])) // a response with binary data
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond((req, res) => { // a custom response
        res.headers['x-calculated-header'] = 'calculated-value';
        res.statusCode = '200';

        const parsedUrl = url.parse(req.path, true);

        res.setBody('calculated body' + parsedUrl.query['param']);
    });
```

## A Custom Response Function

```js
var mock = RequestMock()
    .onRequestTo(/*...*/)
    .respond((req, res) => {
        // ...
    });
```

A custom response function takes two parameters.

Parameter | Type | Description
--------- | ---- | ---------------
`req`     | [RequestOptions](#requestoptions) | A request to be mocked.
`res`     | Object | A mocked response.

> Use information about the request the `req` parameter provides to configure the response via the `res` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use information provided by the `req` parameter about the request to configure the response using the `res` parameter.
```
